Job scope – PHP App, MySQL Database
Job Tracker
Overview
This app will be used by a company to keep track of its jobs.

The company works on multiple jobs at once.
The company has multiple employees.
Employees work on different jobs.
Each job is broken down into various tasks.
Some jobs have 1 few tasks, some jobs could have 200 tasks.

As employees work on a task, these tasks need to be assigned to a specific job.
This system will keep a record of all jobs, records all tasks done per job by a
specific employee at a specific date
--------------------------------
1. The Admin will log in to the system and create jobs. Each job will have these fields:

   * Job Name (Text input)
   * Date Created  (Automatically selects today’s date)
   * Project Type (Selection from drop down list)
   * Target Completion Date (Calendar selector)

Once a job is created it will appear in the View All Jobs grid. It will be accessible
by all employees via this grid.

The grid will list:

“Job Name”
“Date Created”
“Project Type”
“Target Completion Date”

It will also have buttons:
“Add Task” (Plus Icon)
“View Tasks” (Magnifying Glass Icon)
“Edit Task” – (Pencil Icon) (Only Admin can see this and access this)
“Job Completed” – (Green Tick Icon) (Only Admin can see this and access this) –
Once a job is completed, it must move from the “Open Jobs” grid to the “Completed Jobs” grid.

      2. Each employee will need his own login. He will log in to the system and see the Jobs Menu.
      The sub menu items he will see are: “View Open Jobs”, “Completed Jobs”

The default view for when users log in will be the View Open Jobs grid.

      3. The employee will then select a job from the grid. This will open a popup. This popup will show:

“Job Name”
“Date Created”
“Project Type”
“Target Completion Date”
“Tasks” – This will show a list of all tasks that have been created by Employees.
Tasks will be assigned numbers automatically staring from 1
The next task created will have the number 2 etc
Each job must allow an unlimited number of tasks.

There also needs to be a button for “Add Task”

The fields for each task are:
“Task Input Date/Time” – Automatically generated. Will select the current date and time by default.
Cannot be changed.

“Input By” – Automatically selects the currently logged on Employee. Can only be edited by Admin.

“Task Description” – Text field input by Employee. This cannot be changed by Employees once Saved.
Can only be edited by Admin.

“Target Date” – Calendar selector. Entered by Employee.

“Priority Level” – Drop Down list. This is defined in “Settings” by the admin.

“Project Type” – Must automatically show the Project type and colour as defined when the Job was created.
This must show for each Task.

Navigation menu items

      4. Jobs (Visible to all users)
         1. View Open Jobs (Visible to all users) – Must also have search criteria. Search by Job Name,
         From Date, To Date, Task Description, Input By, Priority level, 				Project Type
The search criteria must be above the grid.
         2. Completed Jobs (Visible to all users)
         3. Add New Job (Only Admin can see this and access this)
The following must appear under “Settings” - (Only Admin can see this and access this)
Settings will not appear for normal users.
            5. Employees
            1. View All Employees
            2. Add New Employee

               6. Priority Level
               1. View Priority Levels
               2. Add New Priority Level

                  7. Project Types
                  1. View Project Types
                  2. Add Project Type (Each project type must be assigned a colour) This project type
                  and colour must show on the grid.


Once this projected is awarded to you, I require a mockup of the GUI.
This design created MUST be cross browser compatible and MUST be responsive.
The client uses, mac’s, windows and android tablets. This will need to work on all these browsers.